c:\users\larry\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularBreezeSPA\AngularBreezeSPA\bin\AngularBreezeSPA.dll.config
c:\users\larry\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularBreezeSPA\AngularBreezeSPA\bin\AngularBreezeSPA.dll
c:\users\larry\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularBreezeSPA\AngularBreezeSPA\bin\AngularBreezeSPA.pdb
c:\users\larry\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularBreezeSPA\AngularBreezeSPA\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\larry\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularBreezeSPA\AngularBreezeSPA\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\larry\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularBreezeSPA\AngularBreezeSPA\obj\Debug\AngularBreezeSPA.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\larry\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularBreezeSPA\AngularBreezeSPA\obj\Debug\AngularBreezeSPA.dll
c:\users\larry\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularBreezeSPA\AngularBreezeSPA\obj\Debug\AngularBreezeSPA.pdb
c:\users\larry\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularBreezeSPA\AngularBreezeSPA\bin\CC.DataAccess.dll
c:\users\larry\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularBreezeSPA\AngularBreezeSPA\bin\CC.Model.dll
c:\users\larry\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularBreezeSPA\AngularBreezeSPA\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\larry\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularBreezeSPA\AngularBreezeSPA\bin\Breeze.ContextProvider.EF6.dll
c:\users\larry\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularBreezeSPA\AngularBreezeSPA\bin\Breeze.ContextProvider.dll
c:\users\larry\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularBreezeSPA\AngularBreezeSPA\bin\CC.DataAccess.pdb
c:\users\larry\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularBreezeSPA\AngularBreezeSPA\bin\CC.Model.pdb
c:\users\larry\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularBreezeSPA\AngularBreezeSPA\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\larry\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularBreezeSPA\AngularBreezeSPA\bin\x86\sqlcese40.dll
c:\users\larry\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularBreezeSPA\AngularBreezeSPA\bin\x86\sqlceqp40.dll
c:\users\larry\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularBreezeSPA\AngularBreezeSPA\bin\x86\sqlceme40.dll
c:\users\larry\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularBreezeSPA\AngularBreezeSPA\bin\x86\sqlceer40EN.dll
c:\users\larry\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularBreezeSPA\AngularBreezeSPA\bin\x86\sqlcecompact40.dll
c:\users\larry\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularBreezeSPA\AngularBreezeSPA\bin\x86\sqlceca40.dll
c:\users\larry\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularBreezeSPA\AngularBreezeSPA\bin\x86\Microsoft.VC90.CRT\README_ENU.txt
c:\users\larry\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularBreezeSPA\AngularBreezeSPA\bin\x86\Microsoft.VC90.CRT\msvcr90.dll
c:\users\larry\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularBreezeSPA\AngularBreezeSPA\bin\amd64\sqlcese40.dll
c:\users\larry\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularBreezeSPA\AngularBreezeSPA\bin\amd64\sqlceqp40.dll
c:\users\larry\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularBreezeSPA\AngularBreezeSPA\bin\amd64\sqlceme40.dll
c:\users\larry\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularBreezeSPA\AngularBreezeSPA\bin\amd64\sqlceer40EN.dll
c:\users\larry\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularBreezeSPA\AngularBreezeSPA\bin\amd64\sqlcecompact40.dll
c:\users\larry\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularBreezeSPA\AngularBreezeSPA\bin\amd64\sqlceca40.dll
c:\users\larry\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularBreezeSPA\AngularBreezeSPA\bin\amd64\Microsoft.VC90.CRT\README_ENU.txt
c:\users\larry\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularBreezeSPA\AngularBreezeSPA\bin\amd64\Microsoft.VC90.CRT\msvcr90.dll
c:\users\larry\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularBreezeSPA\AngularBreezeSPA\bin\amd64\Microsoft.VC90.CRT\Microsoft.VC90.CRT.manifest
c:\users\larry\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularBreezeSPA\AngularBreezeSPA\bin\x86\Microsoft.VC90.CRT\Microsoft.VC90.CRT.manifest
c:\users\larry\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularBreezeSPA\AngularBreezeSPA\bin\Breeze.WebApi2.dll
c:\users\larry\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularBreezeSPA\AngularBreezeSPA\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\larry\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularBreezeSPA\AngularBreezeSPA\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServerCompact.dll
c:\users\larry\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularBreezeSPA\AngularBreezeSPA\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
c:\users\larry\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularBreezeSPA\AngularBreezeSPA\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
c:\users\larry\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularBreezeSPA\AngularBreezeSPA\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\larry\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularBreezeSPA\AngularBreezeSPA\bin\System.Data.SqlServerCe.dll
c:\users\larry\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularBreezeSPA\AngularBreezeSPA\bin\System.Data.SqlServerCe.Entity.dll
c:\users\larry\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularBreezeSPA\AngularBreezeSPA\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\larry\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularBreezeSPA\AngularBreezeSPA\bin\System.Spatial.dll
c:\users\larry\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularBreezeSPA\AngularBreezeSPA\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\larry\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularBreezeSPA\AngularBreezeSPA\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.dll
c:\users\larry\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularBreezeSPA\AngularBreezeSPA\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\larry\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularBreezeSPA\AngularBreezeSPA\bin\WebActivator.dll
c:\users\larry\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularBreezeSPA\AngularBreezeSPA\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\larry\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularBreezeSPA\AngularBreezeSPA\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServerCompact.xml
c:\users\larry\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularBreezeSPA\AngularBreezeSPA\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
c:\users\larry\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularBreezeSPA\AngularBreezeSPA\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
c:\users\larry\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularBreezeSPA\AngularBreezeSPA\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\larry\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularBreezeSPA\AngularBreezeSPA\bin\System.Spatial.xml
c:\users\larry\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularBreezeSPA\AngularBreezeSPA\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\larry\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularBreezeSPA\AngularBreezeSPA\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.xml
c:\users\larry\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularBreezeSPA\AngularBreezeSPA\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\larry\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularBreezeSPA\AngularBreezeSPA\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\larry\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularBreezeSPA\AngularBreezeSPA\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\larry\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularBreezeSPA\AngularBreezeSPA\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\larry\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularBreezeSPA\AngularBreezeSPA\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\larry\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularBreezeSPA\AngularBreezeSPA\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\larry\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularBreezeSPA\AngularBreezeSPA\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\larry\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularBreezeSPA\AngularBreezeSPA\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\larry\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularBreezeSPA\AngularBreezeSPA\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\larry\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularBreezeSPA\AngularBreezeSPA\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\larry\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularBreezeSPA\AngularBreezeSPA\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\larry\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularBreezeSPA\AngularBreezeSPA\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\larry\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularBreezeSPA\AngularBreezeSPA\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\larry\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularBreezeSPA\AngularBreezeSPA\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\larry\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularBreezeSPA\AngularBreezeSPA\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\larry\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularBreezeSPA\AngularBreezeSPA\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\larry\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularBreezeSPA\AngularBreezeSPA\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\larry\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularBreezeSPA\AngularBreezeSPA\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\larry\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularBreezeSPA\AngularBreezeSPA\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\larry\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularBreezeSPA\AngularBreezeSPA\bin\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\larry\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularBreezeSPA\AngularBreezeSPA\bin\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\larry\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularBreezeSPA\AngularBreezeSPA\bin\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\larry\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularBreezeSPA\AngularBreezeSPA\bin\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\larry\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularBreezeSPA\AngularBreezeSPA\bin\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\larry\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularBreezeSPA\AngularBreezeSPA\bin\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\larry\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularBreezeSPA\AngularBreezeSPA\bin\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\larry\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularBreezeSPA\AngularBreezeSPA\bin\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\larry\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AngularBreezeSPA\AngularBreezeSPA\bin\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
